Update list of integrated apps and update some version examples (#4263)
nextcloud/spreed: README.md

## Why is this so awesome?

* 💬 **Chat** Nextcloud Talk comes with a simple text chat, allowing you to share or upload files from your Nextcloud Files app or local device and mentioning other participants.
* 👥 **Private, group, public and password protected calls!** Invite someone, a whole group or send a public link to invite to a call.
* 💻 **Screen sharing!** Share your screen with participants of your call. You just need to use Firefox version 52 (or newer), latest Edge or Chrome 49 (or newer) with this [Chrome extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/screensharing-for-nextclo/kepnpjhambipllfmgmbapncekcmabkol).
* 🚀 **Integration with other Nextcloud apps** like Files, Calendar, User status, Dashboard, Flow, Contacts and Deck, with more to come.
* 🎡 **We’re not reinventing the wheel!** Based on the great [simpleWebRTC](https://simplewebrtc.com/) library.

> * 🌉 **Sync with other chat solutions** With the [Matterbridge](https://github.com/42wim/matterbridge/) you can sync a lot of other chat solutions to Nextcloud Talk and vice-versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 🌉 **Sync with other chat solutions** With [Matterbridge](https://github.com/42wim/matterbridge/) being integrated in Talk, you can easily sync a lot of other chat solutions to Nextcloud Talk and vice-versa.
```
Matterbridge is a proper noun.
